you know whenever people ask me what the
best music performances we ever had on
the show was this i actually remember
our next guest and his band green day
you can learn all about his life
starting thursday when welcome to my
panic premieres on
audible please welcome billy joe
armstrong
how are you good to see you good aaron
good to see you too
are you celebrating um are you
celebrating 4 20 today
um no i'm i i
stopped celebrating that about uh four
days ago
okay all right you know
most of your fans know obviously green
day that's kind of the idea
this is green day i mean you can really
co-op this holiday if you wanted
to be great we can come out with our own
brand of ice cream with like thc
and cbd and abc i think that's actually
a terrible idea can you imagine
ice cream i'm sure it exists but you
could really end up in an
endless loop of just eating ice cream
until you explode
by the way you really figured it out
with this but is it is it
should we call it a book an audio book
how are you referring to this
i didn't really think of it as i it was
going to be such like a life story
kind of thing and until someone told me
oh you just told your life story
oh okay but you did it through like
songs and it was great to go back and
and kind of look at you like all these
some of these songs that i went back to
go back to when i was like 16 17 years
old so
to kind of go and know like where i was
at at that time
emotionally physically uh geography
it was just kind of kind of a trip you
know i knew you started when you were
young
i did not know you were how young you
were when you started and in fact
we dug this up this is from when you
were five years old this is a
newspaper article it says county miss
universe to be true oh no wait you're
not counting
only five years old and on his way up
local youngster to make tv debut
and there you are with a pretty great
t-shirt
little billy joe armstrong how about
that
how the hell did that happen um well
years ago
um my family my parents brought
like i'm i'm a one of six so they
brought the entire family and to
give them music lessons and i'm the
youngest they didn't
know they i i had no idea about that i
was about to go in and
learn how to sing at that time so this
italian family the fiata roni's at a
place called fiat music in
pinol california and uh yeah i learned
how to sing there
uh and play uh guitar there also do you
remember that song
yeah i could probably sing it right now
which i won't
you won't well you don't have to because
we have the clip of you singing it when
you're at five
[Music]
and right into the rock and roll hall of
fame
[Applause]
by the way i wanted to tell you a story
because i actually owe you
because serena williams i know you i'm
sure you know is one of your biggest
fans right
yeah you guys are going to be on the
show and i knew she was a big fan
and so i invited her to come to the show
to see you and you met her and it was
very nice you guys
talking she was over the moon afterwards
years later i think in like
2012 i was at the olympics
in london with my two older kids and she
was playing
in the olympics that day at wimbledon
and gave us a tour a lengthy tour of
wimbledon
on the day she was playing and i was
like you don't have to do this because i
was
panicking that maybe she might lose
because she was not focused she's like
no no you introduced me to green day so
i owe you
oh my god unless you won the gold medal
yeah she's great yeah i would end up we
would run into her
in in different countries in europe
because she was
like kicking everybody's ass in that
particular country and then she would
come to the show
and she would always ask us to play um
well she would try to
i think she would literally try to see
how fast she could beat her opponent
until
so she can actually come to the gig and
she would end up
showing up and she would always ask for
us to play the song disappearing boy
which was a song that we wrote uh got
like years and years ago but uh yeah
she's
she's great one of the sweetest people
yeah well thank you anyway for that i
appreciate i really made out
like a bandit on that one yeah you said
something interesting in your
uh your audio presentation which was
that you feel music viscerally and that
some songs even
give you a bad taste in your mouth like
literally a bad taste in your mouth
yeah or or dip or it smells i get like
weird
uh it's just there's something i have a
um
like i for some reason i was thinking
about a song like um
totally clips of the heart yeah where it
make it makes me squint
when i hear it it's like i i kind of
like
and then do you turn around right eyes
you do a full turn around
yeah yeah i don't know what it is about
certain songs or they could kind of like
go oh maybe you'd like just
these faces that you make or that just
or or you know it's kind of like when a
song gives you the chills
you know you you you have these
responses to him but
yeah sometimes it's like if you hear
like what was that the
girl that had that song years ago it was
a
called friday oh yeah rebecca black
friday
why do i remember that and not who was
on my show
it's kind of you you just get this sort
of you like i don't know what it is it's
like
that's the taste of vomit coming up i
think is what
[Laughter]
it tastes better the first time maybe
you get to taste and smell because your
recording studio is also a kitchen is
that possible
[Applause]
it's yeah it's possible or it's a
bathroom
billy joe armstrong everybody listen to
his life it's called welcome to my panic
it's available
starting thursday on audible thanks
we'll be right back with jimmy allen and
brad
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
oh